

.. _homeworks:

=============================================================
Homework and project
=============================================================


There will be 4 homework assignments during the quarter, requiring a
combination of analytical and programming work.
See :ref:`hwformat` below for information on the desired format.

There will also be an open-book midterm exam, and a course project (see
below).

Peer review of other students homework and other group projects will also be
a required component of the course (see below).


Schedule (tentative)
---------------------

* :ref:`homework1` due Thursday, Jan. 19
* :ref:`homework2` due Thursday, Feb. 2
* :ref:`homework3` due Thursday, Feb. 9
* :ref:`midterm` on Wednesday, Feb. 15
* :ref:`homework4` due Monday, Feb. 27
* See :ref:`projects` for the project timeline
* Project presentations: Monday, March 13, 10:00am - Noon
* Project paper due: Tuesday, March 14

Midterm
-------

There will be a midterm exam, tentatively scheduled for February 15.  
The exam will be open book, open notes.  The goal will be to
insure that you are proficient with some of the theory and algorithms
presented in the course.   See :ref:`midterm`.

Course Project
--------------

Students will also work on a project (individually or in groups of 2) and
will write a report on the project and give a brief talk in a symposium.

See :ref:`projects` for more about the class project and some suggested topics.


.. _hwformat:

Homework format
---------------

Written solutions should be submitted as pdf files (not Word, please).
Ideally these should be typeset using latex.  
(See :ref:`biblio_latex` for some sources).  
If necessary you can hand write
and scan, but typeset work is much easier to grade and is good practice.

You can write analytical solutions in an
Jupyter notebook if you wish to, which makes it
particularly easy to mix analysis with code illustrations.
If you do so, submit both the `.ipynb` file and also the `pdf` generated by
`nbconvert`.

For computer code, please include suitable documentation to describe
what you've done and also explain it in your written solutions when appropriate.



.. _peer:

Peer Review
-----------

Information to appear.
